Special Get  20% Discount  Get for New Account Register Now

Home Page about portfolio documentation contact

Connect Wallet

CopeTract - Innovating Trust, Simplifying Contracts All Contracts In One Platform No coding required to make customizations. CopeTract has everything you need.

Read Whitepaper Start Making Contract

Save Your TimeDo not pay money to fees

10K+ Trader and Featured on

CopeTract - Make Your Own Smart ContractAwesome Features

Make Your Own Smart Contract Quickly and Securely

new

Block Your Money Without Any Broker

Make Instant Money Transfer

Organize Your Smart Contracts

Make Smart Contracts Anywhere Anytime

CopeTract - Make Your Own Smart ContractWhat Is CopeTract?

Copetract is a multifunctional smart contract system developed using web3 and blockchain technologies. In this way, you can make your commercial transactions faster, easier and safer.

You can use template smart contracts.

You can quickly connect your wallet and make international payments.

You can make smart contracts online.

Learn More

Better Contract OrganizationYour Smart Contracts Security With Blokchain Technology

Smart contracts add an additional level of automation on top of blockchain applications. It provides more complex interactions and applications.

Create and Save your contracts in blockchain You can create your smart contracts in templates or by uploading your own contracts. After creating your smart contract, you can save it and then view it on the My contracts page. The contracts you create are located on Ethereum's blockchain. That is why contracts become unhackable.

Connect your wallet Install the metamask plugin from Google, then create your Metamask account. In this case, it is important to save the information in your Metamask account. Then you can connect to CopeTract's membership page with your wallet account.

Blocked money transfer During the blocked money transfer, your money is kept completely on the blockchain. Even if any problems are encountered, your money will be securely stored on the blockchain.

Chrome Web Store Metamask Extension

User-Friendly PanelEnhance Your Productivity With Your Own Contract Panel

Thanks to CopeTract, you will be able to save time while making your smart contracts, and you will be able to manage your smart contracts in a more organized way.

During the contract approval process, you will be able to see what has changed in the contract.

Due to the notifications, you will be able to follow the developments about your contract.

You will be able to see the typos.

You can able to add new text and files to the template agreements.

Discover Now

Pricing Plan Start With Affordable Price If you want to make an affordable and fast contract, CopeTract is here for you.

Pay Per Contract

Payment By Price Range-15%
Pricing 0-10/contract
10-50K$/price
Pricing 10-100 /contract
50-100K$ /price
best choice
Pricing 100+ /contract
100K$+ /price
Special Offer Get An Offer Get An Offer
Money Transfer and Contract Making without Intermediaries
Transaction Without Intermediary With the smart contracts you can make on CopeTract, you can make transactions without the need for an intermediary (bank, accredited companies, etc.).
Paperless Business Processes
100% Security
Delegation and Power of Attorney
Delegation and Power of Attorney You can assign your contracts and transactions to the wallet of the person to whom you are giving power of attorney.
Decentralized Control (Blockchain)
Easy Organized Documents
Easy Organized Documents You can view and edit your contracts and transactions on the My Panel page.
Global and Instant Money Transfer
Blocked Money Transfer
Blocked Money Transfer In transactions, you can increase security by blocking all or a part of your money on the blockchain without any intermediary institution.
Multi Sign Technology within Contract
Making a contract with more than 2 people at the same time. You can share your contracts with 2 or more people at the same time. You can make multiple transactions.
Timed Money Transfer
Payment with Stable Cryptocurrency
Payment with Stable Cryptocurrency Thanks to stable cryptocurrencies such as USDT, you can trade without mixing another currency.
Goods Control with Control Firms
Brand Representation Soon Soon Soon
TestimonialsLoved From Customers
CopeTract has now created over 100+ successful contracts.
10.000+ Wrote Smart Contract
Transfer 15s CopeTract can be used from the phone via MetaMask.
Read Whitepaper How Can I Connect MetaMask?
“You can even send emails to contract and gather all of the things you need in a single place.” jurgen k. / Senior Marketing at Brator
“CopeTract - So Easy To Make. Awesome” foden p. / Director at Ecoland Resort
“This app is seriously good. It’s simple, clean and a real joy to use.” Kerry T. / Designer at Teckzone Inc
Frequently Asked Question Need A Support?
What Is Smart Contract? Smart contracts are self-executing programming codes that automatically transfer digital currencies or assets between two parties under predefined terms.
What Is The CopeTract? Copetract is a multifunctional smart contract system developed using web 3.0 and blockchain technologies. Using a simple user interface; the end user can shape the contract clauses in line with his/her request; as in commercial contracts (contracts where money transfer is required), money transfer is provided easily and smoothly, the signed contract is kept securely and cannot be accessed by anyone without the consent of the parties; fixed issues with smart contracts; It is a platform where individuals and businesses can claim their (brand) rights.
Do Smart Contracts Have Legal Validity? Smart contracts have legal validity.
How secure are transactions made through CopeTract? Transmissions via CopeTract are 100% secure thanks to blockchain technology.
How can I add Cryptocurrency to my Wallet? Through the collaboration with customers in discussing needs and demand, we're able to attain mutual understanding, gain customer trust to offer appropriate advice
Where is the blocked money stored? Blocked money is kept in blockchain technology without any intermediaries. In this way, no one other than the parties in the smart contract can see the money and have no right to access it.
What is a stable cryptocurrency? Stable Cryptocurrency is a cryptocurrency that acts in an indexed manner to the currently used currencies.
Is Blockchain safe? Blockchain technology is an advanced database mechanism that allows transparent information sharing within a business network. A blockchain database stores data in blocks that are linked together on a chain. Data is chronologically consistent, as the chain cannot be deleted or modified without consensus on the network. In this way, it provides a high level of security.
CopeTract Community Join Into Our Hub
Github Open Source & Commnit Code
Twitter Latest News & Update
Telegram Chanel for Community
Ready To Start Making Contract Innovating Trust, Simplifying Contract
Read White Paper How Can I Use CopeTract?
Home About Portfolio Documentation Contact
English
© 2022 Copyrights by Basecope Software Corp. All Rights Reserved. Designed by Basecope


Basecope Software Inc. was founded in 2022 and has been in operation since 2019. The Basecope family consists of eight young, energetic, selfless and passionate individuals, who come from different disciplines. Basecope specializes in smart contracts, blockchain, web 3.0, mobile application and website creation. Basecope, which has worked on more than 50 mobile apps and websites so far, has done a number of things, including Cryptonoit, Turkey's first NFT outlet, and CopeTract, where smart contracts are reduced to the public. It has offices in three different cities: Ankara, Istanbul and Konya. 


What is Blockchain technology? 
Blockchain technology is an advanced database mechanism that allows transparent sharing of information within a business network. Blockchain database stores data in blocks connected to each other on a chain. Data is chronologically consistent because the chain cannot be deleted or modified without consensus on the network. In conclusion, blockchain technology can be used to create a ledger that cannot be modified to keep track of orders, payments, accounts, and other transactions. 

How does blockchain work? 
Although the underlying blockchain mechanisms are complex, the following steps offer a brief overview of the process. Software of blockchain can automate many of these steps: 
Step 1 – Enrollment of process 
A blockchain operation indicates physical or digital assets changing hands, shifting from one side of the blockchain network to another. This transaction is saved as a block of data and may include details such as: 
Who is involved in the transaction? 
What happened during the transaction? 
When did the transaction take place? 
Where did the transaction take place? 
Why did the transaction take place? 
How much of the asset has changed hands? 
How many prerequisites were met during the transaction? 
Step 2 - Ensuring unanimity 
Most participants in a distributed blockchain network must acknowledge that the saved operation is valid. Acceptance rules may vary depending on the type of network, but are usually determined during the setup of the network. 
Step 3 – Connecting blocks 
Once the participants reach the unanimity, the transactions on the blockchain are written to blocks that are equivalent to the pages of a ledger. With the transactions, an encryption hash is added to the end of the new block. This hash acts as a chain that connects blocks. The hash value changes if the content of the block is changed consciously or inadvertently. This change provides a way to determine if data is tampered with. 
Thus, blocks and chains are securely linked together and cannot be edited. Each additional block increases the validation strength of the previous block, and therefore the entire blockchain. This process is similar to building a tower by stacking wooden blocks. You can only put the blocks on top, and if you take a block from the middle of the tower, the entire tower collapses. 
Step 4 – Sharing the ledger 
The system distributes the latest copy of the central ledger to all participants. 

How Can I use CopeTract?
To use CopeTract, you first need a crypto wallet. You can go to the documentation (https://www.copetract.com/documentation) page to learn how to open a crypto wallet. If you have a crypto wallet, you can make your contract and payment through the panel and control them. If you want to learn how these processes are done, you can learn from the documentation (https://www.copetract.com/documentation) page.
